Good morning.
What are we doing?
I've got a bad feeling about this.
We haven't heard a thing.
Good morning.
What is it? Seriously.
This is super local for us.
It's our neighborhood.
Ridiculously local.
Cross that bridge and you're at my
parents' place.
Exactly.
You don't need to go that far, though.
Cross that bridge and it's my parents'
house.
So, the goal is Tokyo's symbol...
Tokyo Tower.
From there, to the east and west, or left
and right on the map...
...you'll each start from points about
five kilometers away.
On the way to Tokyo Tower, ask passersby
their political leanings. If they say right-leaning, turn right.
If they say left-leaning, turn left.
This is insane.
It's insane, right?
Yeah.
You're really going to ask that?
Please do.
Just regular people on the street?
That's right.
This is crazy.
Come on...
What are you talking about? I don't know,
but this is probably not okay.
Yeah.
You can't do that.
Also, at a crossroads...
Right.
...you're allowed to go straight up to
three times in a row.
I mean... I have a million objections to
this. But setting that aside for a sec...
Even putting the whole left-right thing
aside, if you start going the wrong way...
...it'll be hard to recover, right?
Well, that's why...
If you want to go right, you just ask
someone who seems like that, right? No, no, that's the worst thing you could do.
The pair that reaches Tokyo Tower first
wins. "First"?
A battle?
It's a battle.
Kitanakano are doing the challenge too.
The same one? Right now?
From a different location.
I see.
They start at the same time and race to
see who gets there first? Got it.
I've never done anything like this.
What is that? No fighting spirit at all.
We'll just reach the goal real quick, and
the rest can be "Kishi-Takano's Struggle."
Honestly, I'm fine with that. I don't need
us wandering off for extra footage.
I can't just do that...
You can. You're not busy.
I can't. I don't even really understand
the whole concept, to be honest.
Just vaguely, right?
Vaguely.
Yeah. We don't even really understand this
whole right-left thing ourselves.
We should really study up on it... Back in
my hometown there were lots of people turning right, though.
No, no, leave that aside. What, are you
trying to walk away from everything already?
So, what do political "right" and "left"
mean?
The right generally refers to
conservatives who value long-standing customs and institutions, and want to preserve tradition and order.
The left values freedom and equality, and
opposes domination and oppression...
...as well as rigid hierarchies and class
systems. That's the usual definition.
Then you're a leftist. Come on, seriously,
you should stop saying that kind of thing.
Then you're a leftist.
Seriously.
There's no such thing as just labeling
someone a leftist or a rightist like that. Takano from Kitanakano is a leftist.
I don't even know if that's the kind of
thing you can say as a joke. Anyway...
There's no "anyway" here...
So, which are you?
Right.
Hey, come on.
You can't really say either way.
No, neither.
Right, right.
Ah, thank you.
We'll give you a map.
Oh, we get a map?
You'll use this map to make your way
there. We want to head toward Chuo Ward, so...
Direction-wise, it's that way.
That way.
Right.
Normally, you'd just go this way.
Since directionally it's this way...
Well, at least roughly, if we just...
We'll go something like this.
Try not to drift off course.
And with that, both teams set off for
Tokyo Tower. Ah.
So we actually have to watch this...
Looks like it'll take some stamina.
Yeah... If you ask someone left or right
out of nowhere, will they even answer?
It feels pretty hard to define where you
yourself fall.
Like, for example, in the past,
capitalists were considered right-wing.
And workers were considered left-wing. You
can see that from Britain's Labour and Conservative parties.
But after that...
More recently, as Thomas Piketty has
pointed out...
...left-wing parties have become the
parties of wealthy elites...
...while lower-income voters are often
said to drift toward nationalist conservatism.
In Japan too, by the 1960s and '70s, there
was the far-left movement and talk of violent revolution...
...so I think there was a fixed idea that
violence belonged to the left.
If you go back further, there was the
Freedom and People's Rights Movement in the Meiji era...
...which was actually a right-leaning
movement that included people like Itagaki Taisuke, but they also tried things like bombing and overthrowing the government...
So it's hard to define neatly. And now the
question is why I'm rambling on about this by myself.
What is this? I mean, I think people can
just say what they personally believe, but...
Yeah, you really don't see this touched on
broadcast TV. If people think you are...
...the extremists will get mad, so maybe
that's why they steer clear of it.
I guess.
No clue what the strategy is, though...
Still...
it does sound kind of fun.
He looks right-wing.
No, no, no, don't do that...
Don't stereotype people.
He looks right-wing.
Not really.
A guy like that.
Cut it out.
Someone like that...
Stop saying that about random people.
But this is Shibuya, so...
Young people probably aren't that...
Yeah.
Maybe they don't care at all.
True.
Neither right nor left.
If we went toward Yasukuni Shrine...
Yeah, but...
The right-wing...
If it's nothing but right-wingers, we'll
just keep circling. Then we'd only go in circles.
I see. You're saying that awfully
casually, though...
Is it okay to be saying all this?
No, it's not.
So far, you're the one saying risky stuff.
Are they really going to use this part of us talking?
If they do, that's bad.
If they air it.
So what are you actually?
Right or left?
Well, based on
how you described it...
...I might be on the right.
Maybe.
Patriotism.
Ah.
I see.
I do have patriotism.
Which is...?
Huh? Which?
I don't have that.
That's not the issue.
No, really, from what you said.
Just if you had to pick.
Ah, Takano-san.
So this is...
Hard to say.
This is our first crossroads.
The very first one.
Yep.
A crossroads.
You can go straight if you want...
If you want to turn right or left...
Ah.
...then you ask somebody.
Though we don't have to turn yet.
First problem: there just aren't many
people. True.
There's nobody walking around.
No way we're getting a left here.
There may be even fewer people over there.
Yeah.
So it's whether we go this way or not.
Right.
H&M, huh. I feel like it'd be better to
hit the T-junction and turn right.
Honestly...
Yeah.
If we ask here...
...and head this way,
toward the hotel district...
...we probably won't be able to film
there. True.
Because at this hour, there's no way we
can show people at a hotel.
But if we go as far as H&M,
and then get a left-leaning person...
...that'd be quite a swing.
Ah, true.
Still, this route looks rougher.
Which way are you aiming for?
The right.
At this point...
It's got to be right.
We are definitely going right.
We're aiming for the right.
A right-wing person?
Yeah.
We just want to turn right.
Because if we say the right wing is
better, that gets messy again.
At a glance, it's hard to tell who's on
the right. First we have to talk to someone.
There are a lot of shaved heads around
here. A shaved head doesn't make someone right-wing.
That's just prejudice.
Let's ask some young people.
Hello.
Oh.
Iguchi-san.
Iguchi.
Do you have a moment?
A moment... They're probably nonpolitical.
We won't get anything.
Can we ask you something real quick?
What have you been doing in Shibuya today?
We were planning to go to Gusto.
Oh, Gusto.
So you're on a day off, or...?
That's right.
Take your time.
Yeah, just talking about stuff.
Headed to Gusto?
Sorry to stop you on your way there.
No, no, it's fine.
So what do you think? Like...
For you personally...
You know...
You know the whole right-left thing...
Oh...
Right wing? Left wing?
Basically, the right means conservatism...
Ah.
And the left is more like...
He's really walking her through it.
...wanting to change things.
Like a revolution.
So with that in mind, which are you?
Uh...
The right.
Oh!
So you're on the right.
She heard him.
Ah.
Thank you so much.
That seriously helped.
Thank you so much. That really saved us.
Wow. Put a red circle on her T-shirt and
make it a Japanese flag.
Meanwhile, Kishi-Takano also want to turn
right... This is bad...
Oh man.
This is rough.
This is bad.
We can't catch a single person.
Can't get either right or left to work for
us.
On top of how few people are out...
...the question itself was such a hurdle
they couldn't catch anyone at all.
Guess we'll just have to wait for Takano's
mom to walk by. My mom doesn't count.
We can already see it from here.
Don't say that too loud.
This is my hometown.
Think she's around?
This is bad, seriously.
Ah.
The rain's really coming down.
Hello.
Whoa.
He looks nonpolitical.
You know them?
Tom Brown.
We're not Tom Brown.
Lie if you have to, just talk to us.
Could you come over here for a sec?
If you don't mind, can we ask you
something? Just a moment?
No time?
And after ten more minutes...
This is rough.
Sorry.
Could we do a quick interview?
Please.
Come on, say yes.
Thank you.
He looks like he leans one way or the
other. After 40 minutes, they finally land their first interview.
They want to go right, but will they?
We're out here asking passersby a question...
Would you say your politics lean right or
left?
That's the question we're asking people.
I'd say left.
Ugh...
I see.
Left, huh.
Thanks very much.
Yeah.
Left.
Isn't it over for us?
Yeah.
But at least up ahead it's a crossroads
again.
We've definitely made up some ground.
The next one is the real key.
Yeah. Westland got the right answer they
wanted earlier...
...then went straight through three
intersections. And then...
Okay, they're at the Omotesando
intersection. Here they absolutely have to go right.
So going straight isn't an option. No,
straight is out. This would be the fourth time.
So if you think of it the other way, going
left would send us way back. Right.
So, interview time already.
Mind if we ask you something?
We've been asking people a few questions
about their political views.
Yeah. By the way, would you say your
politics lean right or left?
I'd say left.
Whoa.
Left, huh...
Maybe wearing black means you're
left-wing? Well...
Ah.
I mean, whatever, but...
Don't say that.
We're literally heading the wrong way now.
Our steps feel so heavy.
Walking in a useless direction.
That's the one thing I didn't want to do.
What a nightmare.
Wow, there really aren't many crossroads,
huh? So politically, are you right-wing or left-wing?
Right.
Yes!
It's not exactly a "Yes!" here.
Even though they try to correct their
route toward Tokyo Tower...
Hmm, I'd say left.
Damn...
Damn... Once you get the wrong answer,
it's not easy to come back from it.
That's the terrifying thing about this
right-left race. There just aren't...
There are no people.
No people at all.
Meanwhile, Kishi-Takano drew the wrong
answer at the start and have barely moved from the starting point.
If we get left here, we can keep walking
for quite a while, right?
If they draw left at this T-junction,
there are fewer intersections after it, giving them a chance to make up a lot of ground at once.
Since nobody's around, won't we just run
into that same guy again? If we draw left, it'll send us toward Toyosu Station.
Yeah.
We want left, but if we draw right...
...we go back to the starting point.
Women do seem more left-leaning, though.
What do you think?
Women seem more...
There's nobody here.
We're doing a little interview, actually.
So, anyway.
It's for a streaming show.
We're asking people
about their political leanings...
Would you say you're more right-leaning or
left-leaning?
Even if you don't usually think about it,
just if you had to pick... Left?
Yeah, left?
Left.
Thank you.
Is there a reason for that?
I just feel like Japan won't really...
...get any better no matter who takes
over. Ah, I see.
Ah. So that counts as a left-leaning line
of thinking.
That was firmly left. Good.
Thank you.
All right.
Interesting.
Nice, thank you.
That was a huge help. There are more
left-leaning people than I expected.
That thing you said about women leaning
left... If we wanted to aim left, this might work.
This will let us make real progress.
We can do this. Seriously, this is huge.
Meanwhile, Westland keep detouring through
side streets.
So, bluntly speaking, are you right-wing
or left-wing? Huh?
Left.
All right.
That means...
That's good, isn't it? We can go straight.
We're back where we started.
We're not just back where we started.
We're beyond that now. We're actually ahead.
Because from here we can just keep going
straight.
If there were some left-leaning university
around here, we could just ask students all day. Wonder how Kishi-Takano are doing.
We really could keep pulling left here.
I wonder how far they've gotten.
After doing this for a while, honestly,
name recognition matters a lot.
Well, that's where we've got the edge.
Honestly, name recognition matters a lot.
That's where we've got the edge,
overwhelmingly. At least I want to believe that.
You're the one dragging us down, though.
Him, obviously.
We've reached the Toyosu intersection.
We're at the Toyosu intersection.
We want to go right.
We want to go right. If we get left, we'll
end up heading toward the waterfront...
So please, absolutely be right.
And then...
Oh, this is good. A guy who looks like
Taro Aso just showed up.
A guy who looks like Taro Aso just showed
up, so he's definitely right-wing. Definitely right.
This one's a lock.
Please.
Good morning.
He really does look like Aso.
We're shooting a streaming show right now.
He looks just like Aso.
So what's this about? We're asking people
a question for the show today.
Sure, sure. Go ahead.
If you had to say, would your politics
lean right or left?
Oh, right, of course.
Right.
Oh! Yes!
And why is that?
It's just how I live my life.
I see.
Like, because you were born in this
country? Of course, of course.
I see.
Thank you, sir.
You've got strong patriotism.
Thanks.
Thank you.
You're amazing.
At what?
What kind of eye is that?
It's easy.
Easy?
Yeah.
You just...
...look at someone's face on the street
and imagine their campaign poster.
If the background comes out blue or white,
they're on the right.
If it's red or pink, they're on the left.
That... You can actually picture that?
Just picture it instantly.
Huh.
And after that...
I see.
This one is definitely left.
Going by the trend from earlier, women
lean left. Would you say your politics lean right or left?
If I had to pick, left.
Oh, wow.
Left.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
We're trying to go right, over that way.
Would you say your politics lean right or
left? I like Japan, so right...
So right, I guess.
But not in any dangerous sense.
Amazing.
So right, I guess.
Yeah, exactly. It's not that simple.
Just if you had to choose.
Exactly.
Perfect.
How do you know?
I totally thought he'd say left, honestly.
Wow.
I was sure he'd say something else.
Three hours in,
their current positions look like this.
Kishi-Takano made up for their early
stalling thanks to Kishi's efforts. Whoa.
But Westland still hold a slight edge.
As for Westland...
Iguchi feels right-leaning, doesn't he?
He's got that articulate vibe.
Isn't Kawamoto far-right?
No, he's far-left.
Far-left?
Yeah.
But he's definitely extreme.
Yeah, that guy's extreme.
Don't kick the taxi too hard.
Hello.
Oh, hello.
Sorry, do you have a minute?
Is that okay?
Oh, sure, sure.
Do you have a moment?
Yeah.
Oh, then...
I really like you guys.
Thank you.
I really like you guys. Do you know what
right and left mean politically?
Oh, of course.
Uh-oh.
Of course.
'Of course'?'
You know what it means?
Of course I do.
Hold on, 'of course' might be risky...
I'm hardcore.
'Hardcore?'
Wait, 'hardcore'...
That sounds risky too.
Politically, right or left, which are you?
I'm hardcore right.
See? Told you.
Hey...
'Hardcore' means right-leaning.
Of course, he's free to think that, but...
For us, we were hoping for left...
You're left?
We wanted to go left...
We don't actually have any beliefs here,
we just wanted to go left.
Meanwhile, Westland got burned by
a hardcore right-wing answer.
We're out here asking people on the
street. Would you say your politics lean right or left?
Totally right.
Right.
"Totally right."
Totally right.
What do you mean by that?
Well, I believe Japan is for Japan.
I believe Japan is for Japan.
Whoa.
Yeah.
Right.
And Kishi-Takano were saved
by a hard-right answer. "Totally right."
"Japan is for Japan."
Those were strong words.
Yeah.
And then...
"Would you say your beliefs lean right or
left?" Uh, if anything...
Mm-hm.
Left.
If they keep going left here, there are
barely any intersections for a while. Whoa.
Probably at this Shiodome intersection...
Here...
If they can go left here, and then one
more time, they can head toward Hamamatsucho.
How's that area?
Oh.
It feels like they're definitely
making progress.
Yeah, but once they hit Chuo, won't there
be more right-leaning people? Still, they're getting there.
They're farther along than I expected.
Let me ask you point-blank...
When you come on school trips and stuff...
right or left?
If I had to pick a side,
maybe left.
Oh, good. My whole family has basically
been democrats forever.
So if I had to say, in that sense I'm not
what you'd call right-wing.
He talks a lot.
So in that sense, left.
No, thank you.
That really helped us.
That's exactly where we wanted to go. And
with that, Westland heads straight toward Roppongi.
Then...
There it is, there it is!
Yeah, I see it.
There it is, there it is! Yes!
We can see Tokyo Tower. First time today.
Yes!
That's our target now.
From here it's basically straight.
Wow.
Man, I'm so happy.
No crossroads, perfect.
Good, good, good.
And we can cover distance.
Nice to be gaining ground.
We can cover distance too.
Seriously.
Oh, you're right.
The next turn is right.
One more right and...
we're there.
One more right, then straight ahead.
If they pull right...
Wow, amazing.
Westland is now one straight shot from the
goal,
and if Kishi-Takano pull left, they'll
close in fast too. Oh.
Yeah. Both teams have reached a fork they
absolutely can't miss.
Whoa!
I see.
This is getting exciting.
Damn.
I got too into it.
We really need to narrow it down here.
Maybe we should wait over there for a
while until a campaign van comes by.
Better to go for a one-shot kill.
With the left, you can sometimes hear
drums and know one's coming, but they don't seem very active today.
Doesn't feel like a holiday either.
What do you think, looking at the people
around here? Like Piketty says, are rich people left-leaning?
But you can't tell at a glance.
I mean, if they're dressed like Aso,
they do look pretty rich.
Out in the country it's easy. The
right-wing houses all fly Japanese flags.
Go there on a holiday and you can tell,
like, 'Yep, that's one of those houses.'
And if they're left-leaning, the place is
plastered with posters for left-wing parties.
That's definitely left. In the country
this would be easy. It'd be easy mode.
You're really into this.
Excuse me.
Sorry, we're interviewing people
for a streaming show right now,
would you have just a minute?
We're asking whether your beliefs lean
right or left. Right.
If I had to say, right.
Right.
Is there some sign?
Can you actually tell?
And what's the reason...? I guess I'm just
more grounded in reality...
Mm-hm. And we need to be prepared for
threats from overseas too.
I see.
Left-handed, but right-wing.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
Thanks for your time.
So, there you have it: right.
We blew it.
Yeah.
Well, can't be helped.
If we go right,
we head toward Shinbashi,
so for now we'll just zigzag around
while asking questions.
Well, anyway, you absolutely have to get a
left there.
You can't just say, 'You absolutely have
to get a left.' What do you mean, 'You absolutely have to get a left'?'
Straight, um...
Enough already.
Either we break out toward Ginza-itchome,
enough already.
Enough already.
Save it till we get there.
What? You've been going on about roads
this whole time.
Honestly, I can't pick the route.
It never goes according to plan.
It's always right or left, right?
What, you gonna hit me, asshole?
You looked like you were about to hit me.
And you tried to roll up the map for a second.
You were about to smack me with it.
No, seriously, this is it.
We're here.
From here it's straight down this road.
This is huge.
We can already see it.
Turn right at this big intersection and we
hit the goal. This is it.
Man, what kind of person should we pick?
We really need to be careful here.
Yeah.
I really do not want to go left.
Let's choose carefully.
For real.
That one.
Oh, hello.
Go?
Huh?
Oh, hello there.
I watch you guys on TV.
No way you could tell from that.
Oh, hello.
You sure she'd know?
Oh, hi.
Long live Japan!
Banzai!
Oh, this could work.
Don't do that.
This might work.
It's scary.
Go, go, go.
Thank you, thank you.
Could we ask you a quick question?
Sure.
Is that okay?
We're asking whether your politics lean
right or left. Right-wing and left-wing...?
Yeah, basically. That's right.
What kind of cutaway are they setting up?
No, no.
Let me ask you directly:
Politically,
right or left?
Left.
Oh no.
Is that bad?
No, no, not bad at all, but...
Damn it.
I really thought we were about to finish.
Man...
It's getting dark already.
It's 5 p.m. now...
Six hours
after the start.
Right.
Thank you.
Right-leaning.
There's a lot of them.
I see. Thank you.
Right.
Right? Thank you.
That gets us out of the Ginza side.
Yeah.
Out of the Ginza area.
And they loop out of Ginza,
where everyone had been right-leaning.
If we go straight three more times,
we can make it to Hamamatsucho.
Yeah.
Hamamatsucho's already pretty close then.
It's pretty close.
Yeah.
Maybe one, two, three more turns.
If this works, that's the goal.
Yep.
Whoa.
They've reached the
Hamamatsucho intersection.
We've got a question for you: would you
say your politics lean right or left?
Right-leaning or left-leaning?
Even just if you had to pick one is fine.
If I had to say, right.
Right?
Thank you.
And they pull the exact
right turn they wanted.
This is the Onarimon intersection.
Yep.
Oh, oh.
There it is. There it is.
There it is, there it is.
We're seriously close.
Yep.
Look at that.
It's right there...
I can see it now.
Meanwhile, Westland pull the wrong turn
just before the goal.
Politically, right or left?
Left.
Ah...
Right or left?
Left.
Damn. That means it'll take several turns
to get back.
This is bad.
So casually.
Tokyo Tower's right there.
Right, okay.
Kishi-Takano have also gotten to within
two more turns of the goal.
On politics,
um, right-leaning or left-leaning...
Man, I have no idea.
Do you lean one way or the other?
Oh.
Even just if you had to pick...
Is 'if I had to choose' okay?
Slightly right.
Thank you.
Whoa.
Huh?
She's looking for left.
She's someone looking for left.
No, no, no.
That's incredibly helpful.
So...
One more. If we pull left once more...
The next left ends it.
Yeah. Wait, is Kishi-Takano wearing a U.S.
military uniform?
What are they thinking,
wearing that on this show?
And now Kishi-Takano finally reach...
...the Iikura intersection,
where one left turn means the goal.
Wow, amazing.
Can you see it?
It's right there.
Wow, it's so close.
We should be careful here...
Yeah.
True.
If someone says 'right' here, we're
screwed. If they say right, we're screwed.
If they say right?
Then it's off toward Roppongi, right?
Roppongi...
Oh god, Roppongi.
But thinking back, I don't think many men
have said 'left' so far.
So maybe we should target women?
But Ginza women were basically all
right-leaning. They were.
This area's tricky.
Yeah.
Wouldn't foreigners be better?
There seem to be a lot of them here.
Yeah, probably a lot of foreigners too...
People here to see Tokyo Tower.
A lot of them are probably here for Tokyo
Tower. Yeah.
Still, women are probably best. The guy in
the U.S. military uniform is your foreigner option.
Women...
Huh?
Someone's coming from over there.
One's coming from there.
From over there.
Is that Westland?
Wait, what?
They made it through, so it's straight
from here. Is that Westland?
Wait, it's this close?
Wow.
No, we have to go now.
How far has Westland gotten?
They're already going straight. They came
from that side, so it's straight for them. What?
Huh?
Whoa, no way.
Wait, what do we do? There's no one here.
A woman?
No, no, no.
Should we try?
Whoa!
Huh?
Whoa.
Oh man, here they come!
This is insane. It's really come down to
this? They really did it.
This is insane.
Huh?
Is it really this close?
The goal's right there, isn't it?
Unbelievable. Right there, right there.
What are they doing?
No, we're...
No, we're on our last one.
Wait, wait, from where?
You came this way, and... what?
We came this way, so after one more turn
we're done. No...
No, we're already at the point
where we just go straight...
No, we already came this way.
We already came like this.
It's over, it's over.
Wait, seriously?
Westland had been forced into quite a
detour from the Roppongi intersection.
Right or left?
Left.
Yes!
Thank you.
So that settles it?
Yes!
Thank you.
If we just go straight here...
we should make it.
Let's go. There's none.
They looked like they were gonna get there
much earlier, but they kept detouring and detouring...
and just happened to catch a good route.
Wait, you're asking left and right too?
Yeah, we're asking left and right.
So we are doing the same thing, right? I
thought maybe we were the only ones doing something weird.
We're not asking up and down.
We're doing the same thing, right?
Uh, politically.
Yeah.
Okay, okay, but still...
W-w-wait, wait, wait.
'Wait, wait' doesn't mean anything to us.
That's not how this works.
Still, you have to watch.
Let's cross the finish together.
I don't care about 'you have to watch.'
No.
Takano goes over and says no.
No, somebody...
Yeah, we have no choice but to go.
So, with Westland watching...
Kishi-Takano head into the fateful
question.
Would you say your politics lean right or
left? Uh...
Uh... left.
Left?
Left? Thank you.
Thank you.
Explain this. At the start they still had
more they had to do.
These guys...
Wait!
Sorry.
Knock it off, knock it off.
This is just a footrace now. I don't want
to see Westland's Tokyo Tower ending.
Damn, so it ends in a footrace?
It's red, it's red.
Stop them.
Catch them there.
It's changing, changing, changing.
Damn.
Fine, whatever.
Okay, okay, okay. Yes.
Yes!
Damn it.
We did it.
No way.
Damn it.
This is bad.
No way.
Yes!
Yes! We won!
All right.
Yes.
That was close. Yes!
That was close.
I never thought we'd get a left there.
Sorry. If we'd lost there, it would've
been the worst.
I ran full speed for the first time in
ages. Why is Westland so fast?
We were surprised too.
I'm not even usually that fast.
I could really run on pure adrenaline.
Staff: You all asked a lot of people
around town, but...
Staff: So in the end, did each of you
decide whether you're right or left? Yeah, that's the whole point.
Us? What kind of wrap-up is that?
What about Takano?
Yeah.
But I think, since I grew up downtown...
I got to talk to a lot of people from
downtown areas,
and I guess I'm probably a bit
right-leaning. Ah.
Takano is right.
So you're right.
I see.
So we're saying you're on the right?
A right-wing comedian.
No, I mean, a right-wing comedian...
Today we're just talking about leaning
right. That's a strong phrase...
No, no, we're just...
There are all kinds of views.
I hope people watch this show,
and maybe think a little deeper about it.
Pick one side already.
I'm dead center too.
After hearing all kinds of views again,
I landed in the middle.
What I did confirm is that, whether right
or left, everyone wants to make this country better,
You're completely right-wing.
Yeah, exactly.
'Normal, normal, right, normal' makes no
sense. I see.
So in the end, the lesson is just that fat
guys are slow runners. Ah, I get it now.
Why did it end in a footrace?
I don't know, but looking at the final
four lined up there, maybe saying 'left' is harder around comedians?
Why is that?
Does it make you seem too ideological?
I get the sense that saying 'right' comes
out more clearly, but I wonder why.
Oh, it's a strange feeling.
Yeah.
Just because someone says they're left it
doesn't mean all their views line up on the left,
and just because someone feels
right-leaning it doesn't mean all their views are on the right either.
There are probably a lot of different
parameters. Oh, so it really makes you think a bit.
Yeah, it turned into a proper project.
Unexpectedly.
We may have reached a conclusion that says
something about society, but more than anything, it was really entertaining.
It was fun, and it also made me think I'd
never want to take part.
Thank you very much.